Website: https://www.covid19dataportal.se/sv/dashboards/wastewater/covid_quant_slu/

Below is the Google translated version:

For most cities on this page, raw wastewater samples, representative of a single day, are collected by flow-compensated samplers at wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs). Uppsala is the exception, where all measurements since week 16 2021 instead represent one week. There, samples are collected daily and then combined proportionally to flow into a composite weekly sample for the following analyses.

The samples are processed according to standard methods. For samples collected up to and including week 18 in 2021, viral particles were concentrated using electronegative filtration (Ahmed et al., 2020). From week 19 2021, the viral genomic material has instead been concentrated and extracted using a method using the Maxwell RSC Enviro TNA kit (Promega). Absolute quantification of the number of copies of the SARS-CoV-2 genome is performed with a SARS-CoV-2 specific N1 test from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). To correct for variation in population and wastewater flow, the group quantifies the prevalence of Pepper mild mottle virus (PMMoV), a plant virus from pepper ingested by humans through food, using a modified version of the test in Zhang et al. (2006). PMMoV is the most common RNA virus in human feces and is used to estimate the amount of human feces in wastewater samples (Symonds et al., 2019). For more information on how the normalization method was evaluated, see Isaksson et al. (2022).

The data presented in the graph is a ratio of copy number measured by the N1 and PMMoV assays, multiplied by 10^4. N1 copy number is a proxy for the amount of SARS-CoV-2 in wastewater and PMMoV is a proxy for the amount of human feces, which in turn is related to the population contributing to the wastewater. This ratio can in turn be considered a proxy for the proportion of infected individuals in the population in the catchment area of the wastewater.
